dear my beloved all big big
hello and today I'll show you how i am doing
gel lacquer french manicure
worn for up to 10 days so to us
need system in gordon which i
I have been using for more than a year
the first is of course the bonder goes further
base taste top cover in my
the system will go two in one
natural light white paint white
and light light sparkles on transparent
background
and so the first thing we do is
degreased nail plate can
you can use ordinary alcohol
I have a special tool from the company
Severin further we put bonder bonder
is it so thin whether those
acts as double-sided tape
to interlock our nail plate
and with the very first layer of gel polish
neatly seal torez
from the bunker your manicure can
hold out much less further dry
it in the air one minute and put
our first cover that we will
send to the lamp is some kind of base also
we put with a thin layer a brush
you can enter in this manicure wash
any amount because this varnish is not
air drying is very convenient
we distribute on all fingers on all
leg so much- . we are sure
seal the red so your manicure
will rush longer
well, then we send to the lamp to dry
our nails for one minute
the next layer is a natural color
make me lightweight beige also apply
in a thin layer and send to the lamp on
One minute
the next layer is french myself
little white little lakhs 24 shades
called dazzling french and how
you will see i use no
stripes i don't draw blue strong line
smiles i just emphasize
natural edge first layer can
apply very very thin because
we will put them two and the second layer
we can fix it
also when drawing the tip
be sure to seal the butt this
very important in my opinion this is the most
What a classic manicure
fits any outfit to any image
any time of the year
everything is ready we send in a lamp on one
a minute
further we duplicate the same thing we do
and even chic just brighter and richer led
and earlier
we paint over the coat hanger which is possible
we allowed in the first layer
as you can see it's very simple if you
afraid to dirty fingers do not be afraid
when you take off the top sticky
layer this is all erased also send in
lamp for one minute
well, then you could put top but
it's me I love sparkles this manicure
sunshine or in the evening
shine and overthrow a normal day
lighting will just seem
classic french thin thin
I distribute glitter as well
seal the end to briefly
thereby we align by the way yet
small errors are also sent to
lamp for one minute
then we put our top top
a coating that does help
protect our manicure from scratching and
damage and prolong his crazy
resistance is distributed in a thin layer
also seal the end also not
be careful not to wear a brush
your fringe because he already froze
by the way these varnishes varnishes in no case
can't shake as usual i only
slightly turn over otherwise your varnish
bubbles and your own will
look not all as it
the final coating is sent to the lamp
for 2 minutes
voila girls our manicure is ready for us
just need to wipe off the top sticky layer
degreaser absolutely not afraid that
on something is erased here is such a he
by the way I wash the big bottle and
this is all a girl 10 days we can with you
do not bathe and that's such a beauty
it turns out the hands are a little wet but also think
and you see sparkles sparkling
great if you liked
put your finger up I'm all of you
I really, really love and kisses for all
until